hello my name is melanie coste and we're
at MVC / casting inks new reality show
can't say the name but it has to do with
fashion sense it's kind of a mix of
repentance and project runway so right
now we're looking for the next big star
it's a win against multi-million dollar
guess that line launched nationwide
facing what it is so you're here right
now the audience to don't have a feeling
it's about 115 with your hounds gonna
get one back anytime
boy Kevin say slaley Asia now trouble we
had to catch them for this untidy enjoy
outside of the Sun and I you
number 11
he walks out of here
so we'll hear the phrase
hi my name is a little star
really excited to be here
my darling
and I'm like you has denied
Oh
I
yourself
although I am an amateur
is right Oliver
we behind scenes right now the casting
call you i'm saying though young
grasshoppers up in a spot we invade
inform people patiently wait
not to take over an infestation baby
slanty asian i revel yellow kid slender
we do when it's like be doing this like
we're doing this for TV it's an old
school should we actually are doing this
for TV we still don't see me and I'm
saying it's a mystery mystery is no
ternet lanzhou
designer Leo Velazquez i'm here at NBC
right to the Caston you can see my
clothing coming out 2012 on the futures
evident doc mom
in your particular signal